Hi, I’m Saiki.

O-mei-syu-sama, how are you?

I, Sai-chan, am fine!

Now, this is Maid’s Room for o-mei-syu-sama, and I’d like to talk about these… these kids, these sneakers.

So, today, I’d like to talk about sneakers I got the other day, so please listen!

Today I’ll talk about this!

Many of you probably know this. This is Air Jordan.

This is Jordan’s Jumpman. This is Michael Jordan, the former NBA player Michael Jordan leaping for a slam dunk. It’s famous, right?

Even those who are not interested must have seen it. Maybe not?

This is from the Jordan series. Can you see this?

Jordan 5. Nike Air Jordan 5 Retro, and this is OG [note: original]. Mine is GS. [Note: GS stands for grade school, but is regarded as girl’s size in Japan. Most Japanese women can wear GS sneakers.]

I succeeded in getting the girl’s size!

Their color is this! “Fire Red”!

These, um, surprisingly I got them in a raffle. I’m glad.

When I tried to buy them, I asked my bandmates to work together on all kinds of raffles, and had them wake up at 9 (laughs) to try SNKRS on that day [note: Saturday, March 28, 2020].

Well, I’m glad I won the raffle on my own account. Applause!

Um, I’d like to thank all my bandmates for their constant cooperation. Many thanks to them.

Last time… Well, these were re-released at the 30th anniversary [note: in 2020, originally released in 1990]. The original design was re-released. Last time, they were re-released 7 years ago, around when we started Band-Maid, probably?

So, at that time I wasn’t interested in Jordan so much and I was rather the Air Max type, and I didn’t know so well about them as now. Honestly I got to know about them about 3 years ago, and I desperately wanted them, but there weren’t ones of my size, or they weren’t new if any, and they got a premium price and they were incredibly expensive. So I couldn’t get them because of the price problem.

But they were re-released in 2020, and I finally got them like “I’ve waited for you so long.”

Yeah, don’t they look amazing from any angle? This cuteness. The back is also so cute. See?

Well, that’s all. Is it all right to do like this? (laughs)

I would be glad if I could introduce you more of my favorite sneakers!

Well then, see you soon. Bye-bye!