Hi! I’m Akane!

Well, today, I’d like to talk about my hobby.

Some of you o-mei-syu-sama [note: fan club members] probably already know I love anime. I’m an anime otaku.

So, I’d like to talk in detail about what kind of anime I watched first and which anime made me crazy about anime. Everyone, please listen!

Now, first of all, you all might be curious about this armband with the sign of “Brigade Leader”. This is the armband of the SOS Brigade worn by Haruhi Suzumiya, the character in the anime named The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya.

The SOS Brigade is short for “Spreading excitement all Over the world with Haruhi Suzumiya” Brigade.

The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya is so popular it’s said to be the definitive version of crossover of moe and SF anime.

Haruhi is also well-known for its ending anime, where the ending theme song named Hare Hare Yukai is played and the characters dance to it, which was really fresh at that time, and dance cover videos were extremely popular on Nico Nico Douga.

Of course I tried to dance to it too (laughs).

I even cosplayed (laughs).

You know, I haven’t uploaded anything on Nico Nico or something, but I gathered otaku friends in my school and we used to enjoy recording our dance while each of us cosplayed as each character, and I was Haruhi by the way.

This is what I wore when I cosplayed!

It reminds me of those days (laughs). That’s a good memory.

Now, let’s get back to the first topic, and I’d like to talk about the first-ever anime I watched.

My first-ever anime was probably Sailor Moon I watched when I was small, and of course I was really into it and I used to have a lot of Sailor Moon merch, but the anime I was more into was Cardcaptor Sakura. Yeah, that was Sakura.

In addition, a new Sakura anime series named Cardcaptor Sakura: Clear Card was aired in 2018, and that reignited my love for Sakura!

I really love Sakura.

Ta-da! Kero-chan. So cute!

Kero-chan. I bought it when I went to the Sakura Exhibition in 2018.

He’s cute. Look, his back is also cute.

Kero-chan is cute, right?

Also, I bought a clear folder at the Sakura Exhibition. Amazing. Look, its back is also cute! Sakura and Kero-chan.

Ohh, so cute!

I love the initial stage of Sakura best.

This Sealing Wand.

I used to have a Sealing Wand! This is a Clow Card.

I used to have a Sealing Wand, and a Sealing Key she always carries with her by hanging around her neck, and I went to school with it hung around my neck just like her as my mom made it a necklace for me.

Probably I used to carry also Clow Cards then.

A set of Clow Cards was sold then and I used to carry it.

I used to do the same things as Sakura does.

Cute.

I have another thing I want to show you all. Ta-da! Look at this! Isn’t it sick?

A Sakura version special clear card.

So cute! I don’t want to get it dirty, so I keep it safely at home. I was really glad when I got it. It’s my treasure. Sakura is so cute.

Oh I remembered now. I went to Nakano Broadway a year and a half ago, and I found cosplay clothes of Sakura at a cosplay clothing shop. I mean her costume.

The pink one, her initial frilled costume with a hat. That was incredibly cute!

That made me want one.

Moreover, they were selling a Sealing Wand made to fit the actual size of Sakura, really like this, a wand too big to be shown in this screen, and I really couldn’t decide if I should buy the wand and the clothing together.

So I told it to other members, and they said “never buy them” so I gave up (laughs).

Actually I’m not so good at cosplaying, I mean I’m not so interested in doing it myself, but when I see cosplays of my favorite animes, I mean clothes, of course I think cosplayers are fantastic though, but those clothes make me excited.

I get to want them.

In this opportunity to stay at home, I might buy some and imitate Sakura alone (laughs).

Will I be lonely? (laughs)

But it’s a good opportunity anyway. I’ll think about it.

Well, I can go on talking about anime forever once I start it, so I should finish it here!

There are tons of fantastic anime out there, so everyone, how about spending your time at home watching anime?

So, see you in the next video. That’s all from Akane. Bye-bye!