Kuruppo! I’m Miku Kobato, po!

This is our second episode of Maid’s Room, po!

This time too, we, Kobato and Torao, um, this cat and this pigeon, are bringing this program to you, po!

So, everyone, did you kindly see Shall We Dance? we talked about in the first episode, po?

In this special second episode, we’d like to introduce you two movies, po.

[Note: Tora bites Miku several times.] Tora-chan, Tora-chan, I’m not your food, po! Ouch! It hurts, po!

Hmh, he might think I’m his food, po.

So, um, I’ll introduce the movies now, po.

Ta-da! In the second episode of Kobato’s Room, the two films we introduce to you are Burlesque and The Devil Wears Prada, po. Po po po po po po po po po [note: applause with “po”].

First, Burlesque is an American film released in 2010, and The Devil Wears Prada is also an American film, released in 2006, po.

How about them, po?

The two films are quite well-known, so many of you probably have seen them, of course, po.

I, Kobato, think that those two films have in common that they portray someone who won’t give up on their dreams, po. Yeah.

So, I’d like to introduce you Burlesque first, po.

Christina Aguilera-sama plays the leading role of Burlesque, po.

The protagonist, Aguilera-sama who has an amazing singing voice, comes to Los Angeles from a country town in the beginning, and what she is when she appears first and what she is when she shines in Los Angeles at the end are so different you almost can’t believe she’s the same person, as she increases her beauty. It’s really an amazing movie, po.

And Tess, the protagonist Ali’s boss, um, not the club master but the club owner named Tess, is played by Cher-san, and her singing voice is also amazing, po!

The soundtrack of Burlesque is a disc as good as an album, po, and I often listen to it, as I’ve stored it in my phone, po.

It’s full of such amazing songs, po.

Everyone, please see Burlesque, po!

Po.

[Note: Tora bites Miku again.] You bite a lot, po, don’t you? Does it taste good, po?

Well, I’d like to continue, po (laughs).

So, the next one is The Devil Wears Prada, po!

As you all know, Anne Hathaway-san plays the leading role, po.

She’s really beautiful, po, right?

But in the beginning of this film, well, of course she can’t hide her beauty completely, though, po (laughs), the protagonist, who wanted to be a journalist first, steps into the fashion industry she wasn’t interested in at all, and there’s a boss like a devil there, and the film portrays how she tries her best sincerely under the devil-like boss, po.

Meryl Streep-san plays the boss, Miranda, and her play is very real and actually a little scary, po.

She’s so scary, po, if I had a boss like that I would run away, po, but she’s really a cool boss and her humanity comes out as you see the film, and I think it’s one of the moving films, po.

I, Kobato, think of course the two leading actresses are amazing, po, but I love Stanley Tucci-san the most, who plays her colleague, I mean Anne Hathaway’s role Andrea’s colleague or teammate? or her co-worker Nigel, po.

He has a unique atmosphere and he gives directions or advice like “you should do that” to Anne Hathaway’s Andrea, po, and his role is unique and I love him, po.

I’ll be glad if you kindly see it while paying attention to Nigel, po.

Above all, fashion is amazing in this film, po, right?

It makes me think Prada is cool after all, po.

They actually wear a lot of Prada in it, po, and you’ll find good points of fashion again with this film, po.

Everyone, if you see it, please share your thoughts, po!

Please, po!

So, I’ve already decided the movie I introduce to you next time, in the next episode of Kobato’s Room, so I’ll give you a quiz, po!

Actually I used the movie I’ll introduce to you next time for some lyrics, po.

What is the name of the song, the Band-Maid song whose lyrics I wrote based on the movie, po?

Please think about it until the next time, po!

See you next time. That’s all from us Kobatora, po!

Bye-bye kuruppo!