Hi! I’m Akane!

Today, I’d like to introduce you my favorite model figures!

I love figures and I’ve collected a few dozen, but I’ve left most of them in my parent’s house.

So I’d like to introduce my favorite kids [note: figures] I have right now.

Now take a look!

First, I’m introducing the ones from Eva.

Ta-da! This is Rei Ayanami, you know.

This is an Ayanami our guitarist Kanamincho gave me as a present.

Really fantastic. This is nice, right? Beautiful.

And, speaking of Ayanami, this is not a figure but the first plastic model I ever made. Ta-da! EVA Unit 00!

It took really a long time to make it, and I couldn’t finish it in a day, and it took two days? probably. I made a lot of efforts in making it. EVA Unit 00. Don’t you think it’s cool?

It reproduces the little slouching posture well, and its detailed parts can move amazingly, like wrists and legs. It’s awesome.

The plastic model I made is this one. I made an EVA Unit 00.

Next, I’d like to show kids I got this year, but you’ll be surprised that actually I haven’t opened the boxes yet because they are so precious.

So, since this is a good opportunity, I’d like to do the unboxing with you o-mei-syu-sama.

Actually they are Asuka… and Asuka… and Asuka (laughs).

I haven’t unboxed these three figures because they are so precious, but I’d like to unbox them now.

OK, I’m opening it! Unboxing!!!

Ta-da! Awesome. This is her new plug suit in Q. Amazing! Amazing!

Let’s keep unboxing.

I’m opening. Ta-da! Take a look. Awesome! Look at this shy glance of Asuka… Awesome. The quality is awesome! It has very matte parts and glossy parts. It’s well made. This texture of her windblown hair is awesome. Awesome.

This hair is high-quality. Well, this is also Asuka in Q.

Next. This is really cute. My favorite Asuka. This is Asuka in Ha.

Some of you probably wonder what I mean by Q or Ha. The Rebuild of Evangelion series has four episodes, I mean films, four films, and the first one was Jo, the second one was Ha, the third one was Q [note: named after jo-ha-kyū], and the next one would be the last one, as it’s written here too, and it would be the final one, scheduled to be released in June 2020 actually, but it’s been postponed, so I’m looking forward to it.

Ta-da! So cute! This face of hers!!!!!! Look at her face. Her pose. That’s so Asuka! This face of hers is too cute. I really really wanted this and wanted to buy this. I like this plug suit. Oh no, she’s so cute! I want you to look at this face of Asuka a lot. She’s this cute. Look, so cute. I’ll display it in a safe place.

Now, I have something to say to you all. To our surprise… I went over the recording time! Yay! …not yay. I’ll get lectured.

I’ve talked for more than 30 minutes if not edited, because I was too excited.

However, if I end it here it would be so incomplete, and I’d like to introduce you everything to the end, so I’d like to do the second half of this introduction of my favorite figures in my next video. Please stay with me until the end. I’m sorry! (laughs)

I’m so sorry.

So, see you in the next video!

That’s all from Akane. Bye-bye! (laughs)