Hi, I’m Saiki.

O-mei-syu-sama, how are you?

Now, I’d like to introduce sneakers also this time.

This time too… Ta-da! I’d like to introduce Nike sneakers!

These Nike sneakers are the third sneakers of Nike’s collaboration with the series Stranger Things, the Netflex SF drama series named Stranger Things, so I’d like to introduce them to you.

Stranger Things and Nike collaborated and released the first sneakers and the second sneakers, and these are the third sneakers, and their design reflects the concept of Starcourt Mall, where Stranger Things season 3 takes place.

Let’s unbox them. I’ll unbox them now.

When you open it, you’ll find it’s also written here. It’s written “NIKE Stranger Things”, and here, when you open it, you’ll find “Starcourt Mall” written here. Isn’t that awesome?

This is Starcourt Mall’s… what should I call it… map? or blueprint? or what?… something like a map, you know.

It’s like that, and if you open it, it’s like this.

Isn’t it awesome?

Isn’t it too detailed?

It’s so Nike.

It’s like that. The third sneakers have 3 types, and they are Tailwind, Blazer, and Cortez.

And what I, Sai-chan, got are… ta-da! a Cortez type.

And the reason why I succeeded in getting Cortez is this: they were extremely popular in Japan, and, well, also in the US, so when they were released, they got sold out immediately just as expected, and I couldn’t get ones in Japan, but on our US tour last year… when we toured in the US, we had some time before entering the venue in New York, and I thought I should go sneaker store hopping, and when I actually went hopping, I found them.

They were left there. Exactly the size I want to wear. So I succeeded in getting them♥

I was glad, you know.

As for the characteristics of the third sneakers with the 3 types, look at this cloth part you can see now, it’s an overlay, and if you apply sandpaper or a knife to lightly scratch the overlay, the underlay will appear and they get…　become different sneakers, so they are sneakers to stimulate your creativity.

It’s very much like Stranger Things.

The sneaker insoles are also cute. I’ll show them to you.

On this right foot, this… Can you see this? Can’t you see the inside? On the right foot, it’s written “Suzie… Do you copy??”, which is the title of the first episode.

Like this “Suzie… Do you copy??”, these details are awesome, aren’t they?

By the way, I haven’t applied a knife or sandpaper to them yet, as you can clearly see, because they are so precious, but to a Blazer type, I mean, there’s a sneaker lover in the record company who I often exchange information with, and he got a pair of Blazer, and thankfully he let me modify them, and I also used a lighter to apply fire even though Nike didn’t recommend it, and I modified them well♥

It was so much fun, so I want to do it also on my cute Cortez, but I haven’t done it yet because they are so precious.

Their soles are very simple.

They are cute.

If you cut this NIKE thing and remove it, the logo of Stranger Things will appear… so I’ve heard.

That was so on the Blazer.

Cortez and Tailwind also have the logo, it seems.

Also, these sneakers have cute pin badges like these. These Starcourt Mall ones, these are shown upside down, are also included. They are cute.

Also, there are black shoelaces too, and sneakers with them are also cute.

Is it OK like this? (laughs)

So, I’ve introduced the Nike sneakers!

See you next time! Bye-bye!