O-mei-syu-sama, hello. I’m Akane.

This time I’ll do the second half of the introduction of my favorite figures.

Well, this time I’d like to go on quickly not to go over the recording time. Let’s get started!

Last time I had several figures still in boxes, and actually I have one more box. This is the one.

Ta-da! Many of you probably know Demon Slayer: Kimetsu no Yaiba. This is Zenitsu Agatsuma of Demon Slayer.

Zenitsu is my favorite character.

So, I’d like to unbox this.

Yeah, it’s unboxed. Oh! I see! It needs assembly. OK, I’ll assemble it now!

“Thunder Breathing First Form, Thunderclap and Flash!” Shoo shoo shoo shoo shoo! That’s a famous schene, you know.

Zenitsu is a wimp and crybaby usually, but he’s actually a cool boy who stands up when he should.

He’s a very good boy who is kind and caring.

He’s my favorite character.

Now, the next one is my precious kid who made me start collecting figures.

Ta-da! She’s Shinobu Oshino-chan of Bakemonogatari.

When I saw this figure, well, how should I say, I got completely addicted to the charm of figures. This face of hers is cute. Shinobu-chan has a really cute face.

This one made me addicted to figures. I got this figure of Shinobu-chan as the Last One Prize of Koyomi No Shifuku No Toki, Ichiban Kuji Premium of celebrating the fifth anniversary of Bakemonogatari.

The Last One Prize is what you get if you draw the last one on Ichiban Kuji.

I really really wanted this girl but I couldn’t get her on Ichiban Kuji, and I looked for her all around figure shops in Akihabara but I couldn’t find her. I finally got her after a lof efforts, so she’s precious.

She’s very precious because she’s the first kid among my figures.

So, the next one is also a figure of Shinobu-chan. I have a precious memory also on this girl, so I’d like to introduce her.

Ta-da! She’s cute, right? She’s too cute. Look at this doughnut. Yes, this is a doughnut. Shinobu-chan loves doughnuts.

This was also from Ichiban Kuji. She’s Shinobu-chan of the B Prize, the B Prize chocolate version of Oyatsu Time on Ichiban Kuji.

This was my birthday present from the staff members of Band-Maid’s home venue named Shibuya Eggman, who tried hard on Ichiban Kuji together and won it!

We performed at Eggman then, and when we were about to leave after finishing our serving, to my surprise the staff members said they had a present for me. They were like “What do you think it is? You’ll be happy!” I didn’t have any idea at all and I was like “What? What is it?” and I thought they would probably give me some joke item, but to my surprise they gave me this girl, and I was so glad I was down to my knees and almost cried. I was really happy.

I’d like to thank the warmhearted staff members of Eggman. This girl really brings back my precious memory. She’s also incredibly cute.

Here is another Shinobu-chan.

This is Shinobu-chan sitting on the chair.

Her facial expression is cute too. She’s really fantastic.

I also have small figures of Shinobu-chan. I love figures of Shinobu-chan best, but actually I have only these three figures, I mean, when it comes to large ones. That’s because Shinobu-chan is an extremely popular character and immediately gets sold out.

There was an exhibition named MADOGATARI Exhibition where the anime Puella Magi Madoka Magica and Bakemonogatari collaborated before, and they sold a figure of Shinobu-chan hugging Kyubey of Madoka Magica and a figure of Shinobu-chan wearing the clothes, I mean the costume, of Mami-san of Madoka Magica, but they got sold out in a moment. I couldn’t get any. They are popular like that, so I can hardly get them. So I’d like to collect one by one steadily on Ichiban Kuji.

So, I’ve introduced you all of my favorite figures! Yes, they are all fantastic.

I love them all, including Asuka. Everyone, please spend your happiest time at home seeing your favorite things.

I’ve divided this long video into the first half and the second half, so it might be too long, but thank you so much for watching it to the end!

That’s all from Akane. See you later!