Translation

Welcome back home, o-mei-syu-sama! Kuruppo!

This is the fourth episode of Kobato’s Room, po!

We, Kobato and Torao, are bringing this program to you again, po! Kuruppo!

Well, this time, in the fourth episode, I’ll introduce you these films, po!

The End, a 2007 Hungarian film, and Amour, this is, po, a 2012 drama film, um, co-produced by Australia [note: actually Austria], France, and Germany, po.

Clap clap clap clap clap.

The two films I’ll talk about this time are a little heavy stories, po.

When I, Kobato, saw them… both of them, I cried too much and that was insane, po.

My eyes were all swollen, po.

Well, both of them are stories about an elderly couple, po.

They are two movies that make you think about love when you live a long life, po.

First, The End is a 2007 Hungarian film, and in this film, po, an elderly couple faces a pension problem, and, um, that makes their life hard, po.

So, in order to recover from the hardship of life, surprisingly, the couple becomes robbery… robbers, po. They commit robbery, po.

And, um, they keep committing robbery, but, how should I say, the husband is gentlemanlike, and the couple are two very noble, or rather good-natured people, so the film is quite heartwarming, and it makes you feel warm inside, po.

It’s a painful and sad but somewhat heartwarming movie, po.

Its ending is quite shocking, but it would be a spoiler for all of you who are going to see it if I talk about it, so you won’t forget it once you see it, po. It’s a shocking movie, so everyone, please see it once, po.

And the other one. Amour is a film, a drama film, co-produced by Australia [note: actually Austria], France, and Germany, po.

This film is also quite heavy, po (laughs). Um, it’s a story about elderly people, about nursing care of an elderly couple, po, and, you know, nursing care is not easy after all, po, so the film made me think about what I would do if I become like that and if things go like that, po.

Well, the film goes at quite a slow tempo, but you won’t get bored, so I want you to see it slowly with a calm heart, po.

The two films make your heart quite heavy and make you think, so I think you probably won’t forget them once you see them, po.

Masters and princesses and o-mei-syu-sama, how about taking a look at them once, po?

However, I should say one thing: please prepare one whole box of tissues, po (laughs).

I, Kobato, am easily moved to tears, po. I see a movie and cry like “waaah” at home, po. Well, I cried particularly for those two films, so everyone, please cry like “waaah” together, po.

[Note: to Tora] Do you cry like “meow meow”? (laughs)

Everyone, please tell me your favorite films, or the films you recommend to me, po.

Now, it’s about time, that’s all from Tora and Kobato, po!

See you, po! Bye-bye, po! Bye… [note: Tora bites Miku’s hand] ouch, it hurts, po.