How are you? I’m Kanamincho.

Well, I distributed a video of brewing coffee in the first episode of my Maid’s Room.

And I distributed the second episode of my Room where I just had banana cake only to try to tell you I love sweets.

So, it’s the third episode today. I thought of various things, and I’d like to introduce this, what I like, or my hobby that probably many of you know!

First of all, please look at this picture!

Can you see this?

This is Sai-chan (laughs).

Well, I like Sai-chan, or rather I’m a fan of hers, or I even think she’s my hobby now (laughs).

So, today, I’d like to talk about her in my Room.

And next, you’re seeing Sai-chan in our serving.

In our serving, she’s very, um, she’s a vocalist who sings and performs in a cool fashion with power to get people involved, but off stage, um, she has many kind sides, of course she’s very strict and has leadership to guide everyone though, and she’s very kind.

She’s kind to me.

Yes, I love her (laughs).

Now, please look at this picture.

Yes, she’s cute in this picture. I, um, I like Coji-Coji, and when Kettle-kun of Coji-Coji was out on claw cranes, I was like “Wow I want this! I want this!”, and then Sai-chan suddenly sent me a message on LINE that she got it, so I asked her like “What happened?!” and she said she went to a video arcade during her waiting time and tried a lot to get this Kettle-kun there, and I was like “What, Sai-chan, you’re so kind! I love you!” (laughs)

She’s so cute. So cute. I’m looking at her on my PC. Isn’t she cute?

This mouth of hers. So cute.

Next, this is a picture on my birthday.

A few years ago Sai-chan gave me, as a present, a “Hug Card” I can ask her to hug me with, and I used it there.

That was so emotional. My tears flow if I remember it even now.

There must be many masters and princesses who also shed tears… no, there won’t be. Sorry.

Well, um, Sai-chan is often seen as stylish and cool but a little scary, but she’s actually stylish, cool, and so kind and strong-willed and fantastic, so everyone gets to love her. It seems I don’t have time to talk more, so I’d like to say goodbye now this time.

Thank you so much for listening to my story!

That’s all.

Bye-bye.