Welcome back home, masters and princesses!

Kuruppo! We are Kobato and Tora, po!

This time too, we, this cat and this pigeon, are bringing the third episode of Kobato’s Room, po! Kuruppo!

So, in our third episode, the movies we recommend to you today are… um, The Big Short, a 2015 American film, and Kingsman: The Secret Service, a 2014 American film, po.

Po po po po po po po po po po po [note: applause with “po”].

Well, in the previous episode, in the second episode of Kobato’s Room, I gave you a quiz, po.

Everyone, do you remember it, po?

At the end of the second episode, I said I would introduce a film that had an influence on the lyrics of some Band-Maid song, po.

The film is The Big Short, po.

And the Band-Maid song is, po po po po po po po [note: drumroll with “po”], ta-da! Unfair game, po!

Did anyone get the correct answer? I think probably nobody got the answer, po… (laughs)

As for The Big Short, I saw it exactly when I was thinking of the lyrics of Unfair game, po.

And it’s a very deep film. The Big Short is based on a non-fiction story that actually happened, in reality, po.

Everyone, do you know this, po?

There was a subprime mortgage lyoa… loan, mortgage loan crisis, po, right? Actually.

The film is based on that, po.

The original is Michael Lewis-san’s non-fiction, The Big Short: Inside the Doomsday Machine, published in 2010, po.

I got to know it has an original non-fiction by searching after I saw it, thinking it must be a true story, po, and I thought, um, “Wow, the reality is beyond imagination, po!” The film made me think quite a lot, po.

This film… well, actually I got to know this by searching, Brad Pitt-san appears in it, po, I knew he appears in it, po, but his own company produced this film as one of the production companies, po.

That’s great, po, right?

As for Unfair game, I got an inspiration from The Big Short, and my favorite lines in the lyrics of Unfair game I wrote to create an image symbolizing this film are “Never believe anything / Warnings are a part of your life” po. I’ve learned from this film that the sense of crisis and your choices in your life where there are a lot of crises are a part of your life, and I thought it matched well with Unfair game, po.

Now, let’s go on to the next one, Kingsman. I think Kingsman, um, probably has split reviews in two patterns, and it’s clearly divided between those who like it and those who hate it, po.

That’s because it has quite a lot of gross scenes like the one where people are blown up to death like fireworks like bang bang bang bang.

It’s a spy movie, po. It’s a spy movie made to be a little like a comedy, a little soft, and without too much seriousness, po.

This film is so cool, po!

What’s cool about it, you ask? I’m glad you ask that, po!

Suits! I, Kobato, have a thing for suits, po, and it’s originally a spy movie but it’s a story about high-class tailors who are actually spies, actually a spy organization, and the suits they wear are so cool, po!

I was like “Wow! Fantastic!” The movie has a scene of a hidden room, po, and the look of the study and of each and every item is so cool it’s good for your eyes just by seeing. It’s an amazing movie, po.

Actually this film has Part 2, a sequel, and surprisingly, Elton John-sama, who I love, appears in it as himself, po.

Well, but actually I prefer the first one for its story, and for its strong impact, and I think it’s a really really fun movie, po.

Moreover, I got to know this by searching, po. Part 2 is already out, and surprisingly, another sequel [note: actually a prequel] was scheduled to be released this year?, it seems, po.

Well, because of the current situation, the date of release hasn’t been announced yet, po, but when it’s released I’ll definitely go and see it, po.

The lead actor? of Part 1 and Part 2 might not appear in it, it seems, po.

I’ve heard Disney is involved in the 2020 movie and its production seems to have been changed, but it looks like a very fun movie and I’m looking forward to it, po!

It’ll be great if you masters and princesses could see it together and share your thoughts, po.

I’ll talk about Kingsman a little bit more, po. Among the cast, the lead actor? named Taron Egerton-san plays very well and I thought he’s fantastic, po, so I searched about him and was surprised to know he hadn’t appeared in any film until Kingsman, I mean any big… big film, and he became very big after playing in this film, po.

I was surprised, po.

He plays a very important role in this film, and he will appear in a lot of films, he’s already appeared in a lot of films though, and I think he’ll be even bigger, po.

Everyone, please.

Today we introduced you The Big Short and Kingsman, po!

Everyone, if you are interested in any of them, please see it, po!

Now, it’s about time.

That was Kobato and Tora’s Room, po!

Bye-bye, po!

He hates it, po.

Bye-bye, po! (laughs)