O-mei-syu-sama, hi, I’m Saiki.

Now, I’d like to introduce sneakers also this time.

Today I’d like to introduce you Air Max 95, which created the high-tech sneaker trend in the ’90s.

The box is this red Nike box you must have seen before.

They were in it.

And, I think the most popular Air Max 95 is the first color, Yellow Gradation, and I also have a pair of Yellow Gradation so I’d like to show them first.

Here they are. Yes, these ones.

These Yellow Gradations were such popular sneakers that the word “Air Max hunting” was born, and even now, books on sneakers feature past magazine articles with pictures of celebrities wearing them, so I think these Air Max sneakers really had an impact.

The 95 has had many colors, and this time, I, Sai-chan, got this color!

They’re Multi-color!

Can you see this?

They have asymmetric color blocking, and the outer sides and the inner sides all have different designs.

And Multi-color was released with different colors in 2015, and I think you can call mine the second release, and I didn’t know the color of the first release, I mean the name of the sneakers, so I searched and they seem to be called Greedy, which are still so popular with a premium price.

I don’t have them, though.

So, speaking of the sneakers I got this time, their shoe tongues and heels have reflective material so they reflect light in the night, it seems.

I don’t know actually, because I haven’t worn them yet.

When I can go out wearing them, and if I have a chance to take pictures in the night with flash, I’ll upload them on SNS.

And, I probably have sneakers of the same colors of their outer sides, so I’ll compare them here.

The Yellow Gradation I showed a little while ago is used… which? this?… like this, right?

The soles are different, though.

A fantastic gradation. Really cute.

This is Yellow Gradation.

And the left foot is probably this. Yes, I think so.

This Blue Gradation. I think.

So cute.

Speaking of Blue Gradations, Ryōko Hirosue-san wore them in Maji Koi or something, I can’t remember, in a TV commercial, and they became a popular topic, so I’ve heard… so I’ve seen on a site probably.

Actually I don’t know in detail. Sorry…

And when I buy sneakers, there are rather common funny incidents where I try to win a raffle on another sneaker shop and on the release date I try hard to buy them on Nike’s SNKRS, then for some reason I’m sometimes able to buy on both sites, and that was the case of this time, so, ta-da! I accidentally got two pairs!

But it’s all right because they are cute, right?

I think it’s acceptable because they are so cute…

I, Sai-chan, with such funny incidents, have introduced the sneakers!

I’ll introduce sneakers to you next time too!

Bye-bye!