00:00 How are you? I’m Kanami, the guitarist.

00:03 Well, I was thinking a lot about what to do today while seeing my phone, and I found quite a lot of memorable pictures there, so today I’d like to look back on memories together by looking at pictures I’ve picked up.

00:24 First, look at this one. It’s a picture taken on June 28, 2018. It’s June 25 today [note: the day she recorded the video], and, well, two years ago, we went to Mexico. We went there to do a serving.

00:43 When we went to Mexico for the first time, there was no non-stop flight, so we had to transit somewhere, in some other country, and then flew to Mexico, so I remember it took quite a long time.

01:03 But it seems non-stop flights to Mexico began operating from around that time, and you arrive in Mexico just by taking a flight for 14 or 15 hours, so I remember I was very impressed.

01:21 That said, it’s physically demanding to take a flight for 14 or 15 hours, so we members stretch seriously together. We always go abroad with preparation, like adjusting the time to go to bed beforehand and other things so that we can sleep tight on the flight.

01:48 Let’s get back to the picture. It’s a picture when we recorded a TV program in Mexico. Actually, we were surprised at first to be able to appear on a Mexican TV program, but I was very glad to have a rare… quite a rare experience in my life.

02:11 Also, the hotel in Mexico had a pool, so me, Ah-chan and Sai-chan went there and played there in swimsuits. I remember it was so much fun. [Note: she might be confusing it with Singapore.]

02:27 Now, let’s move on to the next, the next is a picture taken on July 7, 2018. That was when we went to Malaysia.

02:39 Well, it was when we joined a J-pop culture event, thankfully.

02:44 We went to Malaysia for the first time, and when we arrived there and went out of the airport, we were very surprised like “Whoa, it’s so hot!”, but we were pretty active while getting sweaty (laughs), and it wasn’t the kind of sweat that makes you feel bad but it was like sweating during exercise, so it was OK, and we were going out while thinking “It’s really hot!” [Note: The dry season of Southeast Asia is very comfortable for those from the hot and humid Japan.]

03:13 So we were going out while thinking “It’s so hot!”, but anyway, the food there was so delicious!

03:22 This one, in the picture you are seeing, we are having lobster, probably? The lobster was so plump and delicious all of us ordered a lot without hesitation (laughs).

03:33 We ate a lot, and there was also coconut rice and other dishes, and something like curry was pretty spicy and went along extremely well with the coconut rice, so all the dishes served were so delicious we got to know Malaysian cuisine is delicious.

03:54 Well, in the picture, you can see Koba-san and Sai-chan with me, but next to me Misa and Ah-chan were also there, so all of us were eating together.

04:08 Um, basically, not only abroad but also in Japan, I go to eat with my bandmates quite often, and, after all, I always think I’m lucky because they are all very nice.

04:23 They are like friends and like family members for me, so I can be truly myself, and I can purely enjoy… we can enjoy together, so I always think they are very nice and I’m lucky.

04:39 My bandmates! Thank you all the time!

04:43 Now, let’s move on to the next picture. Do any of you know this? I posted a somewhat similar picture on Twitter or Instagram or something. It’s a picture of Ah-chan and Sai-chan making something.

05:00 They did it every night for us, and I took pictures of them while lying on the bed like this, and watched over them.

05:13 Do any of you know what it’s about? The answer is this!

05:18 This is a picture of the serving at Okayama on September 24 [note: 2018]. Okayama is Misa’s hometown. [Note: Misa moved to Tokyo in her early teens.] It’s her hometown, and it’s famous for Momotarō, so we all played… Momotarō there (laughs). [Note: a Japanese folklore in which Momotarō, with the help of a dog, a monkey, and a pheasant, defeats ogres.]

05:44 Many of you might wonder “what on earth is it?” but, well, on the tour at that time, we members planned surprise acts, and we tried to entertain audience in various ways such as little surprise acts related to each location during the MC time.

06:10 Ah-chan, this monkey, loves surprise acts and local things so much she thought of surprise acts related to each location and prepared them for us.

06:27 I have a lot of really fun memories for each moment.

06:33 That said, umm, we probably won’t do these things anymore, so masters and princesses coming home at that time had a rare experience.

06:45 Well, we Band-Maid members really love to act silly, or to do a little silly things.

06:56 However, my bandmates are actually all sincere, and serious about music.

07:03 I’m really happy to be surrounded by the fantastic bandmates who are sincere, hardworking, cheerful, kind, and caring, but a little silly and funny, and to perform together.

07:20 My bandmates! Thank you all the time!!!!

07:25 All right. So, let’s stop here for today.

07:29 How was today’s one? I mean Mincho’s Room where we look back on memories together. If it was fun, please tell me “it was fun!” on Twitter or something. If it wasn’t fun, please tell me “it wasn’t fun!” In that case I’ll do other things. If it was good, I’ll probably do it again.

07:54 Now, it’s about time. That’s all.