O-mei-syu-sama, hello, I’m Akane.

This is quite sudden, but I’m… a scent enthusiast!!! A scent enthusiast.

I collect a lot of nice smelling items, so I’d like to introduce my nice smelling products to you o-mei-syu-sama today!

Let’s get started!

Well then, let’s start with this one.

This is a diffuser from Modern Notes Wine Collection with the fragrance of Rose Wine.

It’s sweet but refreshing, a very nice scent.

I received it as a birthday present, and its scent lasts long, for several months.

So I buy it again and again.

The next ones are these!

A lotion and an emulsion from Laeisis.

These are a lotion and an emulsion produced by the hair and makeup artist Yuri Miyamoto-san, who I’m very good friends with.

They have a floral fragrance, which I think is a really nice scent from the bottom of my heart, and I love it so much I open them and sniff them like this for a long time even when I don’t use them.

They don’t have only a nice scent but they make your skin resilient and brighter as well, so they’re the best lotion and emulsion.

By the way, Misa and Kanami uses them too.

I recommend them also to men!!

The next one is this!

Ta-da! This is Jemile Fran Melty Butter Balm from Milbon.

It’s like this, it’s a hair treatment but it’s excellent because you can use it also as hand cream.

When we filmed the music video of Start Over, a hair and makeup artist used it for me.

And actually, it’s not my favorite but Misa’s favorite scent (laughs).

Well, at the filming, they used it only for me, and every time I passed in front of Misa while filming, she sniffed my head (laughs).

I bought it in the end to please Misa! And I’ve been using it until now.

So I call it “Misa Trap”. It smells extremely sweet.

The next one is this!

A room spray from Jo Malone! It’s the fragrance of English Pear & Freesia.

I received it as a present on my birthday from Haruko-chan, the vocalist of Ryokushaka.

In my imagination, I assume a gorgeous woman always uses a Jo Malone.

Haruko-chan, who gave me this Jo Malone, is a gorgeous woman in the first place.

It smells extremely classy.

Yeah, it smells nice!

To be a gorgeous woman! I’ll be a gorgeous woman with this!!!! Thanks, Haruko-chan!

And girls’ classic, Jill Stuart! This is a treatment hair mist from Jill Stuart. The fragrance of White Floral.

Jill Stuart is synonymous with the fragrance of White Floral. Everyone must like it, no? This fragrance. Floral justifies everything.

This is hand cream from Jill with the fragrance of White Floral.

All the cosmetics from Jill smell nice.

I also have a lot of lip products. This is something for your lips… something you put on your lips (laughs). I mean, treatment balm. Lip balm.

I received them, all of them, on my birthday from friends. I appreciate them very much because they all give me nice smelling presents. Thank you, my friends!

Let’s go on and on! Ta-da! These are natural aroma sprays from Aromic Style.

First, I introduce these two. This is an aroma spray named Day Time, and it contains essential oils of rosemary camphor and lemon. It has a very clear and refreshing scent, so I always spray it in my room when I wake up in the morning to refresh myself. It has a refreshing effect, so I use it a lot to refresh myself also when I write scores or practice the drums and think of drum phrases.

This is Night Time, which contains essential oils of, well, lavendar and sweet orange.

Lavendar has a relaxing effect, so I spray it when I go to bed in the night!

And this is an aroma spray named Anti-Bacteria, and it’s excellent because it prevents infection with six anti-bacterial anti-viral essential oils… according to their website (laughs).

It has a herbal fragrance, so men also can use it easily.

[Caption] By the way, all the members bought Anti-Bacteria!

Speaking of aroma, this is from another maker named Kinoca. This is also a diffuser of 100% natural essential oil, something you put in your room. It seems to pack a natural scent as it is, so it smells extremely soft from natural ingredients.

This is Mandarin Orange, if I remember correctly.

Oh, actually, I have a certificate of the Aromatherapy Proficiency Level 1 (laughs). I don’t use it on my job at all. Well, before, when I was really into aromatherapy, I studied essential oils a lot, like ingredients and effects, and I took an exam of the Aromatherapy Proficiency Level 1 and passed it well, so I wonder when I make use of my certificate in the future. It’ll be nice if it happens.

And the last one is my favorite of the favorites of the favorites, which I strongly recommend, Shiro!

Shiro’s Savon. I love them and I’ve been using them for many years. They changed the package, and this is the one before the renewal, and this is the package after the renewal.

The fragrance of Savon… I gather everything with the fragrance of Savon.

This is a diffuser. A diffuser for room. This is body oil. This is a perfume. This is a body cologne.

Shiro’s Savon has tons of products. Like hair oil, treatments, hand cream, a fabric softener, and body soap. There are so many products, so I want to collect all of them someday. That’s my target!

Well, how was that? Those were my favorite nice smelling products.

If you have something you can recommend like “I recommend this scent” or “This smells nice”, please, please tell me about it!

I’ll buy it immediately (laughs).

Well then, that’s all from Akane the scent enthusiast! Bye-bye!