O-mei-syu-sama, hi, I’m Saiki.

[Caption] Sorry for the living noise…

This time, it’s my turn again.

This time too, I’ll talk about sneakers.

The sneakers of today are in this huge box.

Look here, I put it in the shoe… shoe box? shoe shelves? shoe cabinet? and an umbrella fell on it and made a hole, so I’m still shocked.

Even after several years.

Now I’d like to present… present? I mean, I’d like to introduce my pair of Air Force 1 in this huge box.

The sneakers are here.

When I uploaded a photo of myself wearing them on Instagram, I got comments like “What are those?” and like “Where can I buy them?” unexpectedly, so I was glad.

The name is, as I bought women’s shoes, Nike Women’s Special Field Air Force 1 High.

These shoes are a type of Air Force 1 named Special Field.

Well, a military style? They have a military style, and they look like military boots, and these shoelaces have a thick and coarse design, which is also unique.

And, when they were released, there were other colors like probably khaki? and probably brown? and also something like white, and orange, and they were all cute, but I, Sai-chan, also love boots, and I wanted shoes to coordinate, um, in a masculine style, like sneakers that look like casual boots, so I got these black ones.

It’s hard to see because of the shoelace, but there’s a graphic design of “AF1”, Air Force 1 [note: on the outer side], and this is a rubber sole, and its outsole is made of gum rubber, which is very easily damaged by hydrolysis, you know.

They are so cute, though.

They are still in a good condition because I wear them quite often, but if you put them in a box for long, this gum rubber gets whitish and crumbles, and you’ll be shocked a lot.

I take very good care of them to avoid that.

This front part, heel? is made of leather, so I polished it with shoe polish once, and it got cool in its way.

The polish soaked into it, and, now, um, it feels fluffy… fluffy-shiny, and I think it’s getting better over time.

And this, this thick rope-like thing, there’s another color for this, and when I changed to it, it looked quite cute.

It’s cute if you tie it all up to the top, from the bottom, but, you know, someone wears them without these shoelaces, so there are infinite ways to enjoy them.

So, o-mei-syu-sama, if you search them on the internet and find them, it would be nice to get them.

OK.

That’s all about Sai-chan’s sneaker recommendation.

See you!