Kuruppo, o-mei-syu-sama, po, this is the 6th episode of Kobato’s room, po!

Clap clap clap clap clap clap clap.

We two, Kobato and Tora, are bringing this program to you again, po!

Nice to see you, po!

Well, now, let’s start our 6th episode, po.

This time, the films of the 6th episode of Kobato’s room are… ta-da!

Films that will leave you with strange feelings after watching!

Po po po po po po po po po!

This time, we have two films, The Best Offer and The Good Liar!

We will talk about these two films now, po.

Well, does anyone know of any of them, po?

Um, now, let’s go on to the first one, po.

The Best Offer. The film is, po, um, a story about Virgil, an appraiser, and Claire, a client, po.

It’s a 2013 Italian film, po.

Well, I explain the story briefly, and in the film, Virgil, a successful art appraiser, is not good at interacting with women at all, po.

He’s an appraiser with a little eccentric habit of keeping numerous female portraits on display in a secret room, though, po.

And, um, he’s aging, or rather elderly, po.

He has been living alone, with women in portraits, with many women in portraits, and one day, he gets a job offer by phone from a woman named Claire, po.

She asks him to come her room, I mean, her house with a lot of works of art, to appraise them, po.

But it’s an offer quite unheard of, because Claire doesn’t want to show herself, and in the beginning, well, you know, Virgil gets very angry, because she doesn’t keep her promises, and sometimes she’s not there even when he goes there, po.

However, as they go on communicating, Virgil is gradually attracted to Claire, and, how should I say, he begins to open his heart to a woman for the first time in his life, but!

That’s a big “but”! I can’t talk about it anymore if you haven’t seen it yet, po, but you know, as it goes into the second half, you’ll think it might be a happy movie, and you’ll go on watching it while hoping the old man’s love reaches her, po, but at the very end, surprisingly.

Surprisingly. You will feel like “What was that, po?” at the end, po.

It’s categorized as a mystery film rather than a romance film, so I think you can enjoy it even if love stories are not your cup of tea, po.

You know, the last scene is so so sad, but when the director, the director who created this film, was said “This is such a sad story” in an interview, he answered “No, this is a happy ending”, po.

So, there might be more than one view. I saw it several times, and I even thought it might not be right to take the scene order as it is, you know, by seeing it just once, po.

So, it might be a happy ending from some viewpoint. What do you think, Tora?

Tora doesn’t react at all, po.

I wonder if it’s a happy ending.

But the director said it’s a happy ending, so it must be a story with an ending that also feels like a happy ending, po.

Now, next, the second film!

Po po po!

Now I’d like to introduce the second one, po.

The second one is The Good Liar, um, this The Good Liar is, um, a 2019 American film released in 2020, po.

It’s a recent film, relatively, I mean, it’s a very recent film, po.

Its theme is a deception game between two adults, and Roy, a veteral con man, is the protagonist, and as he’s a veteran con man, he’s an old man naturally, po.

The story revolves around the veteran con man Roy, who targets Betty, a rich woman who has just lost her husband, on a dating site, po, and Roy tries to steal all her money secretly, as he’s a con man, a veteran con man, po, and he’s excited to know she’s far richer than he thought, po.

And Betty is a very nice, um, old woman, a fabulous and beautiful woman you would want to be like when you get older, po, and she’s quite innocent, po.

Roy hasn’t seen a woman as fabulous as her, and even though he tries to trick her, he becomes more and more attracted to her, po.

He targets her, as a con man, but he becomes more and more attracted to her, and he falls in love without realizing, po.

On the other hand, Betty is fabulous, and she seems to love him, like “Roy, you’re great”, po, but, well, I should stop here, po.

The story goes on and on and on, and, you know, they get to love each other, but there’s quite a big twist at the end, and I was like “What?!”

Right? We were surprised at that, right? Po!

It’s a story like that, po.

I’d like you to see it to the end, po.

It’s quite an ending, and you’ll be like “Oh!” and feel like being stabbed in the heart at the end (laughs). The film has such an impact, po.

This, um, please see it, and it’ll be totally OK to see it alone, po.

It’ll be good to see it while drinking, and, well, it’s a romance film, po, and I think it has a little suspense, but it’s probably not a suspense film, po.

Anyway, how should I say, it’s not a heartwarming film, but it’s an emotional film that makes you think about various ways of life, po.

I wonder what is happiness for a human being, and I also thought people might feel happy differently when I saw the first film, The Offer, I mean The Best Offer, and, how should I say, po, it’s very difficult to talk about happiness because it’s not simple, po.

I might be sentimental, po.

Well then, please, masters and princesses, please see the films I’ve introduced, and tell me your impression about them, po.

Those films might make you think about your own happiness once again, po, right? (laughs).

Well then, it’s about time, po.

Well, it was Kobato and Tora’s Room, po!

See you next time, bye-bye kuruppo!

Hey, the camera is here! The camera is here! Tora-chan.

Bye-bye kuruppo!